you ready no let's do this anyway hello
hello Emma
this is Richard Castle I heard your to
speak with me how do I know it's really
you uh well if you care to step outside
I'd be happy to show you my driver's
license yeah that's not gonna happen
okay you say you're Richard Castle
you're gonna have to prove it all right
in the Nikki heat series
what's rook and Nikki's wine of choice
sensor in deadly heat
what's Douglas Sandman's nickname bedbug
dug-in storm rising what's Pierre Dubois
last words that trick question Pierre
was a Trappist monk he took a vow of
silence he never spoke boom believe it's
me now Emma because I can play Richard
Castle trivia with you all day I will
crush you okay it's you so let me ask
you if you play no no not on the phone
the cops are listening so so I don't
trust them okay just just come inside
the dental office and we can talk here
you've got to begin hey shut up uh look
we need to speak face-to-face do you
hear me it is the only way okay but only
if you send out Sookie and her mother
deal deal be outside in five minutes
Castle what the hell were you thinking I
have no idea honestly I didn't think she
would take the deal but look baby she's
a fan okay I know my fans she won't hurt
me
you don't know that I'm not blind to the
risks but I already got her to give up a
little girl at her mother I can reach
her right maybe even get her to
surrender so let me go in the goal is to
get in and get out you understand get
her demands check the status of the
hostages and make mental notes of where
everyone is that'll help us if we have
to breach you with me so far demands
status mental notes got it and if
anything and I mean anything seems off
tell Emmy you have to call us tell her
it's to make sure that we're not gonna
do anything stupid okay
okay so we're gonna need a code word
that tells us that you need help what
what's your favorite food oh um are we
talking everyday food or fine dining
if desserts included the cheeseburgers
he loves cheeseburger I do enjoy good
cheeseburger okay anything goes wrong
call mentioned cheeseburgers and we'll
come running good luck in there thank
you
listen
I'm kind of looking forward to spending
the rest of my life with you soon don't
do anything stupid in there okay don't
worry I think I already hit my stupid
quarter for the day